# Distributed-Database-Management-System

The database is designed in such a way that it should identify one or two linear data structures which can be used for query processing and data processing. The system should be menu driven and should provide access to the valid user only. The registration of the user must include security questions and the hashing should be performed on user id and password that are to be stored. Moreover, the validity of the user must be checked and after that the user will be provided with the options of the functionalities of the database system. 
The processed data can be stored in the file which will be persistent storage. The data for local and global DBMS can be maintained as data dictionary or metadata file. The distributed database management system should validate and execute the standard SQL command and queries. Also, the system should identify the difference between transaction and normal query. For transaction, the data should not be written directly to the persistent storage, it should be first performed linear data structure. The transaction should follow the ACID properties. For every query that is executed by user, the log of that query is to be maintained in the Log file. 
Furthermore, the system should provide the option to perform reverse engineering on the current state of database system. The ERD should be generated based on the metadata and data files. Apart from that, there should be an option to export the database structure and value in standard SQL format. Finally, it should provide the basic analysis and it should be stored in the file. 
